today I want to talk to you about a
product I've been using but I literally
think is the coolest thing ever
a lot of people ask me questions about
my hair and this is gonna be the second
video in my kind of mini hair styling
series and I'm gonna tell you how I get
volume in my hair so the main products
I'm going to focus on is Schwartz coughs
dust it's which is part of the OSIS line
this is a professional line product so
you can only get it in salons there are
a few places I think where you can get
it online but I will link all the
information below about how you can find
it or selling or whatever I think it's
about ten pounds to buy eleven pounds in
the UK obviously Schwartz gots an
international company so you can't get
it abroad not sure how much it is in
America but I would imagine something
like fifteen dollars so there are a few
products like this on the market I know
it's fairly similar to a vides pure
abundance potion basically it is a
powder okay so I'm just gonna get right
into this anyway I'm not gonna bore you
with all the details you get ten grams
in this little pot which is actually
really quite small it kind of look that
small on this but you can kind of put in
your bag if you want to whatever so how
this works is it's like a little salt
shaker this is marketed as a mattifying
powder you guys use dry shampoo it's
kind of a similar effect to that putting
powder in your hair but this does some
really cool stuff styling wise obviously
I've got really long hair this also
works really well for short hair it
means you can kind of style it in kind
of crazy ways and stuff but for long
hair this is kind of more about volume
rather than styling and texture as well
so what I'm gonna do is show you how I
use it if you're meant to be able to
pull this straight on your head but for
me like there's too many holes can you
see how many holes there are in there
and it just comes out too fast and you
don't want that much on your hair
because if you have too much kind of
goes a nasty texture so you want to be
fairly sparing with the amount that you
use so I pour it onto my fingers you can
see there I just take about that much
and what I do is I just rub this with
you my fingers and then just rub it into
the roots of my hair and you can start
to see in
what this is doing it's pretty crazy and
then I just put a little bit through the
lanes so if you're going for like a
messy hair so you can't even just leave
it like this obviously you can see how
much more volume I've got in my hand out
and you can add a little bit more if you
want um personally I think I look like
I've been dragged through a hedge
backwards so what I'm gonna do is just
brush through my hair so that it goes
back nice and sleek again
and you can see that pretty much just
takes it back to how it was before but
what is cool about this product is that
it stays in your hair so you can now
style it without it looking quite so
messy and just give it extra volume like
so so as you can see my hair is a lot
more volume wise than it was in the
beginning I'm gonna put before and after
picture so you can actually see because
sometimes it's hard to like see the
difference before and after if you know
what I mean stuff like those here
so that is how I use the Duster powder I
think this product is just really cool
it's also something it's really really
simple to use like this volume doesn't
actually stay for that long but because
it stays in your hair for a long time if
you kind of just push it up you can kind
of just keep on restarting it all day or
if I like to play with my hair a lot
personally like I'm always doing this
and it just means that it's actually
kind of like touchable and you can kind
of just play with it yeah I think this
is a really really cool product if
you're into like very sleek very tiny
hair probably the best thing for you but
it does add a lot of texture a lot of
volume so I love this product if you
guys want to try this out I'm actually
giving some away on my blog at the
moment it's only open for a week so if
you want it go check it out now yes I
think that's it if you haven't
subscribed already please do and I'll
see you can see right